docs: restructure header and add table of contents (#87)
imgix/imgix-core-js: README.md

<!-- ix-docs-ignore -->
![imgix logo](https://assets.imgix.net/sdk-imgix-logo.svg)

> `imgix-core-js` is a client library for generating image URLs with [imgix](https://www.imgix.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`imgix-core-js` is a JavaScript library for generating image URLs with [imgix](https://www.imgix.com/) that can be used in browser or server-side settings.
```
